Updates to BUILDING.md to incorporate dependencies (#1107)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: BUILDING.md

### Dependencies

#### Adequate Disk Space

> The build process artifacts and resulting images can consume in excess of 4GB in the local directory.

Reviewer: `System Requirements` might be a better heading, then we can add recommendations for storage + memory + compute.

Systems should have at least 80 GB of storage available. There's quite a lot of overhead from the intermediate Docker layers that are created.

> #### Operating System Packages

Reviewer: Maybe call this "Linux" since it'll live at the same level as "Rust" and "Docker". Or we can fold it into the previous `System Requirements` section.

> The Rust tooling requires certain operating system packages to be installed in order to complete builds.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build system requires certain operating system packages to be installed.  
```

> Error messages from the Rust tooling do not clearly identify the issues.

Reviewer: Let's not say this part since it can be read as criticizing tools or crates from the Rust ecosystem rather than anything that's Bottlerocket specific.
```suggestion
```

Ensure the following OS packages are installed:

> - `build-essential`

Reviewer: Fedora doesn't have a direct equivalent to this. It might be better to split it into separate commands, with an Ubuntu example and a Fedora example.

### Dependencies

#### System Requirements

> The build process artifacts and resulting images can consume in excess of 4GB in the local directory.

Reviewer 2: Let's bump up this number quite a bit as @bcressey mentioned: we're probably safe to say around 80GB.
